the way to respond to adapt death odd your commander on ship is you know
obviously be respectful about it have have sympathy for those that
are Avenue that were maybe close to that individual if you weren't
and understand that they're going through some things that they need
to get help with and be taken care of if they need to see other resources
like counselors or some other site type of support system then
you know you need to help them out and deal with that but the biggest
thing is just be respectful as well as let the chain of command
handled the situation and and don't try and step outside what your
job or lateral limits are with posting things on Facebook or social
media before the chain of command actually has the opportunity to address
the love ones first I've seen that happen before because now we're
in this digital age where things can happen instantaneously where
somebody was either really hurt or even had died and the family found
out about it via social media before the chain of command actually
had the opportunity to either show up in person or call them directly
and let them know that's definitely the wrong way to go about
it so just make sure that it's being handled at the appropriate level
and that you're respectful through the entire process